README.md, before:

# javaScript30DaysChallenge

### Description:
The author of this course is Wes Bos. The idea of this "challenge" is to get to know interesting, useful and at the same time often simple tricks that we make using vanilla JS. The course is available for free on [this website](https://javascript30.com/)

### Days:
1. A simple durm kit that allows you to stimulate your creative beast and delve into your own creative music world :wink: (lesson of capturing keystrokes and handling audio files).
2. A nice clock showing the current time. This feat was made possible by introducing changes to transformation properties and thanks to such methods as now.getHours! <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/2 Clock rotate/index.html">Click here!</a>
3. This time, with the help of event listeners and css variables, we run two sliders and a color picker, which allows us to adjust the look and background of the photo. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/3 Playing with css variables/index.html">Click here!</a>
4. This time there were a few tasks to be completed, requiring knowledge of the basic table methods, like: filter, map, sort and reduce. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/4 Array reduce, sort, filter, map + trick/index.html">Click here!</a>
5. Very efficient use of property transform along with the event listeners to create a spectacular-looking site. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/5 Flex transition/index.html">Click here!</a>
6. A page with a "search engine". Data downloaded using ajax and a search based on the filter method on the array. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/6 Ajax Find match/index.html">Click here!</a>
7. The next exercise with several array methods (some, every, find, findIndex) and two ways to remove one element from the array. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/7 Array Some every find findIndex slice/index.html">Click here!</a>
8. This time, using canvas, I create a white and clean surface waiting for creative use. The psychedelic effect is enhanced by continuously changing the color and size of the brush :dizzy_face: I use methods such as: lineTo, beginPath, moveTo and stroke. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/8 Canvas/index.html">Click here!</a>
9. Tym razem zapoznaje się z paroma trikami konsolowymi przy wykorzystaniu takich metod jak count, grouCollapsed, time, error, warinng oraz assert. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/9 console tricks/index.html">Click here!</a>

Commit message:

Selecting several check boxes by pressing the shift

README.md, after:

# javaScript30DaysChallenge

### Description:
The author of this course is Wes Bos. The idea of this "challenge" is to get to know interesting, useful and at the same time often simple tricks that we make using vanilla JS. The course is available for free on [this website](https://javascript30.com/)

### Days:
1. A simple durm kit that allows you to stimulate your creative beast and delve into your own creative music world :wink: (lesson of capturing keystrokes and handling audio files).
2. A nice clock showing the current time. This feat was made possible by introducing changes to transformation properties and thanks to such methods as now.getHours! <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/2 Clock rotate/index.html">Click here!</a>
3. This time, with the help of event listeners and css variables, we run two sliders and a color picker, which allows us to adjust the look and background of the photo. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/3 Playing with css variables/index.html">Click here!</a>
4. This time there were a few tasks to be completed, requiring knowledge of the basic table methods, like: filter, map, sort and reduce. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/4 Array reduce, sort, filter, map + trick/index.html">Click here!</a>
5. Very efficient use of property transform along with the event listeners to create a spectacular-looking site. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/5 Flex transition/index.html">Click here!</a>
6. A page with a "search engine". Data downloaded using ajax and a search based on the filter method on the array. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/6 Ajax Find match/index.html">Click here!</a>
7. The next exercise with several array methods (some, every, find, findIndex) and two ways to remove one element from the array. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/7 Array Some every find findIndex slice/index.html">Click here!</a>
8. This time, using canvas, I create a white and clean surface waiting for creative use. The psychedelic effect is enhanced by continuously changing the color and size of the brush :dizzy_face: I use methods such as: lineTo, beginPath, moveTo and stroke. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/8 Canvas/index.html">Click here!</a>
9. In this exercise I'm getting familiar with ocuple console tricks using methods such as count, grouCollapsed, time, error, warning and assert. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/9 console tricks/index.html">Click here!</a>
10. In this exercise, I write the simple method to implement the ability to select couple check boxes at once when the shift key is press down. <a href="https://igorkix.github.io/javaScript30DaysChallenge/10 checkbox & shift/index.html">Click here!</a>
